Add release notes for 202311 (#78)
icure/medtech-docs: api/release-notes/release-notes-202311.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# iCure API version 202311.0.0

> This iCure release is a long term support release. It is going to be available at https://v202311.api.icure.cloud for at least 30 months.

Reviewer: A start date and an end date for the LTS support could be great since we don't see directly the creation date of this document

This version has the commit code 4.0.489-g3c3d708f38. 

### Breaking Changes

> - This release introduces stricter control accesses on endpoints that have a security impact or can affect destructively the data. The iCure API will respond with a 401 if the level of authentication is not high enough.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This release introduces stricter control accesses on endpoints that have a security impact or can affect destructively the data (e.g. deleting all data of a group). The iCure API will respond with a 401 if the level of authentication is not high enough.
```

- This release supports a new format for the storage of encrypted keys in shareable entities (Patient, Health Elements, Contacts, …) that allows for anonymous sharing of data with patients. When a piece of data is created with this new format it will not be available from previous versions of the API.

### New Features

- Agenda : New anonymous endpoints for the collection of public agenda information
- Agenda : Support of RRule format for the definition of the time slots
- Messaging : Support for Sendgrid, Google, FriendlyCaptcha & Twilio accounts setup in messaging gateway
- Searching and querying : new filters for Contacts, Healthcare Elements, Patients and Messages
- Terminologies and codifications: Support for Snomed CT
- Terminologies and codifications: Support for LOINC
- Terminologies and codifications: Support for the querying of codes per version
- Cryptographic model : Support for secure delegations that allows for anonymized sharing of information to the patient

> - Cryptographic model : Better control of trusted keys
> - Cryptographic model : Automated recovery of lost keys

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cryptographic model : Exchange keys are now signed to ensure that they are not tampered
- Cryptographic model : New entitites to simplify recovery of lost keys
```

- Authentication and Authorisation: JWT tokens support
- Authentication and Authorisation: Authentication with OAuth
- Authentication and Authorisation: Authentication by email or SMS tokens
- Authentication and Authorisation: Control of accesses through role system

> - Authentication and Authorisation: Support for database quotas

Reviewer 2: I would remove references to features that do not apply to the lite apis, such as agenda.

Author: I think that at some point we might want to include the agenda in the lite SDKs, possibly before the end of support of this release
